Pretend to be a statue for 60 seconds.
Hold your breath for 30 seconds.
Name five vegetables as fast as you can.
Try to balance a spoon on your nose.
Touch your nose with your tongue.
Walk around the room while balancing a book on your head.
Say the alphabet backward.
Do 10 jumping jacks.
Spin around 10 times and try to walk in a straight line.
Sing the chorus of a song you like.
Do your best impression of a famous person.
Make a funny face and hold it for 30 seconds.
Imitate an animal for 30 seconds.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Tell a silly joke.
Pretend to eat an imaginary sandwich.
Hop on one foot for 10 seconds.
Whisper everything you say for the next 2 turns.
Say a random word after everything another player says until your next turn.
Try to lick your elbow.
Name three things you would bring if you were stranded on a desert island.
Say "red leather, yellow leather" five times fast.
Pretend you’re swimming for 30 seconds.
Act like a baby for 1 minute.
Walk like a crab across the room.
Make up a short poem about the player to your left.
Tell everyone your favorite movie in a robot voice.
Pretend you're a professional dancer for 30 seconds.
Stand on one leg until your next turn.
Clap your hands 30 times as fast as you can.
Pretend to be a teacher and give a 30-second lesson on a random subject.
Close your eyes and try to guess what another player hands you.
Make a silly noise and keep repeating it until another player laughs.
Speak in an accent until your next turn.
Create a handshake with the player to your right.
Pat your head and rub your stomach at the same time.
Pretend to be an airplane for 30 seconds.
Do 10 squats while saying "I’m strong!"
Act like a monkey until the next round.
Try to whistle a song of another player’s choice.
Tell a funny story (real or made up).
Make an animal sound every time you talk for the next two rounds.
Walk backward around the room.
Pretend you're a famous chef and describe a recipe in a dramatic voice.
Recite a nursery rhyme.
Make up a rap about something in the room.
Pretend to be a superhero and describe your powers.
Draw a picture of a cat with your eyes closed.
Describe the color yellow without using the word "yellow."
Tell everyone what you had for breakfast, but make it sound really exciting.
Say everything in a question form for the next round.
Stare at someone without blinking for 20 seconds.
Walk on your knees until your next turn.
Try to snap your fingers for 30 seconds.
Pretend to be a weather reporter and give a forecast for tomorrow.
Make up a song about brushing your teeth.
Describe your dream vacation destination.
Pretend to play an instrument for 30 seconds.
Do a slow-motion dance for 20 seconds.
Count to 20 with your eyes closed and your head tilted back.
Name five things you love about your favorite food.
Pretend you're a news anchor and report on something silly.
Act like you're taking a very important phone call for 30 seconds.
Draw a smiley face in the air with your nose.
Whisper a compliment to the player on your left.
Pretend to be in a silent movie for 30 seconds.
Make up a short commercial for an imaginary product.
Do a dramatic reading of the last text message you received.
Pretend to be a famous singer giving a concert.
Hold your hands above your head until your next turn.
Walk like a zombie for 1 minute.
Make a list of three items and sing them as a song.
Stand on your tiptoes and try to touch the ceiling (without jumping).
Talk like a robot for the next round.
Make a funny face and hold it for 20 seconds.
Hum a tune until someone guesses what song it is.
Balance on one foot for 30 seconds.
Name five things you can see that are blue.
Pretend to juggle three imaginary objects.
Clap your hands behind your back 10 times.
Make up a funny nickname for yourself.
Describe what the sky would look like if it were made of candy.
Try to say "She sells seashells by the seashore" three times fast.
Pretend to be a pirate and give a 30-second speech.
Walk around the room with your eyes closed (carefully).
Make up a short story involving a cat, a spaceship, and a banana.
Pretend you are in slow motion for 30 seconds.
Make up a joke and share it with everyone.
Sing the alphabet as fast as you can.
Do a quick workout (jumping jacks, push-ups, squats) for 20 seconds.
Pretend you are a secret agent on a mission.
Name five things you love about another player (non-physical).
Do your best impression of a cartoon character.
Try to walk like a model on a runway.
Try to balance on one leg while holding a cup on your head.
Pretend you’re a cat for 30 seconds.
Tell a knock-knock joke.
Make up a tongue twister and say it three times fast.
Stand up and sit down five times in a row.
Act like you’re giving a dramatic speech about toothpaste.