What’s your biggest sexual fantasy?
Have you ever tried role-playing in bed?
What’s the most daring place you’ve had sex?
Do you have a fetish you’ve never told anyone about?
Have you ever experimented with BDSM?
What’s something kinky you’ve always wanted to try but haven’t yet?
Do you like to be dominant or submissive in bed?
What’s the most embarrassing thing that’s happened to you during sex?
Have you ever used toys during sex?
What’s the longest you’ve gone without sex?
Do you like dirty talk in bed?
Have you ever had sex with more than one person at the same time?
What’s your favorite position in bed?
Have you ever been tied up during sex?
Do you have a specific kink or turn-on that surprises even you?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve done with a partner?
What’s your opinion on open relationships or threesomes?
Have you ever had sex in public?
What’s the wildest sex-related dream you’ve ever had?
Do you enjoy watching adult movies or reading erotic fiction?
Have you ever fantasized about someone in this room?
What’s the most inappropriate time you’ve ever gotten turned on?
Have you ever been caught in the act?
What’s the sexiest thing you’ve ever worn to bed?
Do you like to make the first move in bed, or do you prefer your partner to?
Have you ever been blindfolded during sex?
Do you like to talk about sex openly with your partner?
What’s the naughtiest text you’ve ever sent someone?
Have you ever sent or received nudes?
Have you ever tried anything kinky that didn’t go as planned?
What’s your favorite part of foreplay?
Have you ever had a sex dream about someone you shouldn’t have?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve done when you were alone?
Do you like to use food during sex or foreplay?
What’s your opinion on watching or making adult videos with a partner?
Have you ever been to a strip club or a sex club?
What’s the most taboo sexual thought you’ve had?
Have you ever had sex with someone of the same sex?
What’s the most erotic thing a partner has done for you?
What’s a fantasy you’ve always kept secret from a partner?
Have you ever used handcuffs, ropes, or restraints?
What’s your opinion on having a dominant-submissive dynamic in the bedroom?
Have you ever fantasized about being watched during sex?
What’s the most adventurous place you’d like to have sex?
Have you ever shared your fantasies with a partner?
Do you prefer slow and sensual or fast and rough sex?
Have you ever fantasized about someone you know who is in a relationship?
What’s your favorite body part to be kissed or touched?
Do you like to use sex toys or props in the bedroom?
What’s something you’ve never done in bed but would like to try?
Do you like the idea of being told what to do in bed?
Have you ever had sex outside, in nature?
What’s the most experimental sexual position you’ve tried?
Have you ever had a sexual encounter with someone you met online?
What’s your favorite role to play in sexual fantasies?
Have you ever had a partner suggest something kinky that surprised you?
What’s the naughtiest thing you’ve done in bed but haven’t told anyone?
Do you enjoy giving or receiving more in bed?
What’s the most uncomfortable or awkward experience you’ve had in bed?
Have you ever had a crush on someone who’s off-limits, like a boss or teacher?
What’s your biggest turn-on that isn’t sexual?
What’s something non-sexual that you find incredibly erotic?
Have you ever role-played as someone else during sex?
What’s your opinion on casual sex or friends with benefits?
Have you ever sexted someone, and what was the outcome?
What’s something that instantly turns you on?
Do you have a favorite type of lingerie or underwear?
What’s your go-to move to turn your partner on?
Have you ever been surprised by a partner’s kink or fetish?
What’s a sexual experience you’ve had that you’ll never forget?
What’s your favorite type of foreplay to receive?
Have you ever tried talking dirty in bed? How did it go?
Do you have any piercings or tattoos in intimate places?
Have you ever wanted to try group sex?
What’s something you’d never do in bed, no matter how much a partner wanted to?
What’s your favorite part of your partner’s body?
Have you ever tried mutual self-pleasure with a partner?
What’s a sexual fantasy you’re too shy to share with your partner?
Have you ever hooked up with someone you knew only briefly?
What’s something that your partner does that drives you crazy?
Do you enjoy the build-up of sexual tension with a partner?
Have you ever gotten turned on by something random or inappropriate?
Do you like taking charge in bed, or do you prefer your partner to take the lead?
What’s your opinion on role-playing fantasies that involve power dynamics?
Have you ever kissed someone of the same sex?
What’s your favorite naughty thought about your partner?
Have you ever had sex with someone while pretending to be someone else?
What’s a kink you never understood until you tried it?
What’s the dirtiest message you’ve ever received?
What’s something taboo that you find sexually exciting?
Have you ever made out with more than one person in a night?
What’s your favorite way to tease your partner?
Have you ever acted out a fantasy with a partner?
What’s a sexual memory that still makes you blush?
Have you ever tried combining alcohol or substances with sex?
What’s the dirtiest thought you’ve had about someone recently?
Do you prefer morning sex or night sex?
Have you ever role-played in bed?
Do you enjoy watching your partner pleasure themselves?
What’s something you’ve always wanted to say in bed but never dared to?
What’s your opinion on spanking or being spanked?
Have you ever thought about a threesome?
What’s the most daring move you’ve made during sex?
Do you enjoy receiving or giving massages before sex?
What’s a sexual position you’d love to try but haven’t yet?
What’s a fantasy involving a stranger that excites you?
What’s your favorite way to initiate sex with your partner?
Have you ever fantasized about a friend’s partner?
What’s the most erotic part of your partner’s body, in your opinion?
Have you ever tried a “quickie” in a public place?
Do you like the idea of being watched while having sex?
Have you ever tried switching roles in bed (dominant to submissive or vice versa)?
What’s a kinky scenario you’ve thought about but never told anyone?
Have you ever hooked up with someone you met on the same day?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve done that you haven’t shared with anyone?
What’s the sexiest thing you’ve ever said to someone?
Have you ever wanted to have sex with someone you shouldn’t have?
What’s the most playful thing you’ve done in bed?
Have you ever secretly wished your partner was kinkier?
What’s the naughtiest photo or video you’ve ever taken?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve done in public?
Do you enjoy any role-playing scenarios involving power (teacher, boss, etc.)?
Have you ever kissed or hooked up with someone at a party?
What’s your most recent sexual fantasy?
Do you like watching erotic movies or reading erotic literature?
What’s the most outrageous place you’ve had sex or fooled around?
What’s something sexy you’ve seen in a movie that you want to try in real life?
Have you ever felt sexually attracted to someone you just met?
What’s a kink or fetish you’ve always been curious about but too shy to try?
Have you ever had sex with someone you weren’t romantically involved with?
What’s your favorite way to be kissed or touched during foreplay?
Have you ever felt sexually frustrated and didn’t know how to express it?
What’s the kinkiest thing you’ve fantasized about doing to someone else?
Do you like the idea of being teased or teased in public?
Have you ever tried “sexting” with a partner to spice things up?
What’s something sexual you’ve tried but didn’t enjoy?
Have you ever fantasized about being seduced by someone older or younger than you?